Boy, avoid instead of delete. Why is voiding the smart choice for an audit?
Why do we do this void consumption thing? Because Financial systems need a
perfect audit Trail. Imagine you're leaving breadcrumbs on a trail. Voiding
versus sweeping your tracks, clean deleting. If an auditor a detective for
money comes along which Trail helps them find their way back to what happened.
Voiding gives them the breadcrumbs. Here's the difference. Deleting erases
history, it hides the mistake. If an auditor asks what happened here, there is
no record just a blank space. Voiding keeps a record of the era plus
five units and the immediate correction minus 5 units. It shows the full honest
story key term void consumption. Remember this? It's the sign of a clear
transparent way to fix. Mistakes, picture yourself as the auditor which record
deleted or voided would give you the complete honest story.